primary_culture = irish
culture = zzz_religion_catholic
religion = catholic
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 0
nationalvalue = nv_productivity
literacy = 0.237715

civilized = yes

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions
school_reforms = no_schools

# political reforms
slavery=no_slavery
vote_franschise=landed_voting
upper_house_composition=appointed
voting_system=jefferson_method
public_meetings=no_meeting
press_rights=state_press
trade_unions=no_trade_unions
political_parties=underground_parties

ruling_party = IRE_reactionary
upper_house = 
{
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 10
	conservative = 84
	reactionary = 6
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}

# Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 1.33333
nonstate_consciousness= 0.16488

# Technologies
alphabetic_flag_signaling = 1
army_command_principle = 1
army_professionalism = 1
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
classicism_n_early_romanticism = 1
clipper_design = 1
flintlock_rifles = 1
guild_based_production = 1
late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1
mechanical_production = 1
military_staff_system = 1
naval_design_bureaus = 1
no_standard = 1
piston_steam_engine = 1
post_napoleonic_thought = 1
post_nelsonian_thought = 1
the_command_principle = 1
prestige=0.130163
oob = "IRE_OOB.txt"
set_country_flag = religi
set_country_flag = vic2_country_IRE
set_country_flag = eu4_country_IRE
